---
title: "Free 300$ in AWS"
tags:
  - aws

date: 2025-07-27
---

## ⛅ How to Get Free $300 AWS Credits

:::danger

This article is not a financial advice. The author takes no responsibility for your money 😂

:::
In AWS, you can relatively easily obtain $300 in credits, which are typically issued for 6 months. For this, you need a fresh AWS account. Shortly after opening, you may receive a marketing email to your root email with the following content:

**From**: Amazon Web Services aws-marketing-email-replies@amazon.com  
**Subject**: You're Invited. Apply today for $300 AWS credits

:::tip[New AWS (free tier) account creation tips]

**Reminder**: For AWS registration of a new (free tier) account, you can use plus addressing. For example, the owner of the email `foo@gmail.com` can register another account under the email `foo+aws-v1@gmail.com`

You can also create a new virtual card for the account and freeze it after confirmation.

:::
It offers to fill out a form with minimal data required:

[https://pages.awscloud.com/GLOBAL_NCA_LN_ARRC-program-A300-2023.html](https://pages.awscloud.com/GLOBAL_NCA_LN_ARRC-program-A300-2023.html)

According to rumors, AWS, like everyone in the market, is excited about AI. This prompt worked for me:

```text
I'd like to make a personal project about integrating Amazon Q with Slack, to create a smart AI assistant for translate, search, summarize message in slack
```

If everything is okay, within a few business days you'll receive an email:  
**Subject**: Congratulations. $300 AWS credits have been approved

<!-- TODO: Don't forget to assign the `AWSBillingReadOnlyAccess` ManagedPolicy to your admin IAM user. -->

From the account dropdown (upper right corner) → `Billing and Cost Management` → `Credits` (Billing and Payments section in the left nav)

You'll see a line like:

| Credit name | Expiration date | Amount used | Amount remaining | Applicable products |
|-------------|----------------|-------------|------------------|-------------------|
| Week 23_2025_ARRC_5-27_ARRC | 11/30/2025 | $0.00 | $300.00 | See complete list of services |

---

### How Credits Work?

Credits are spent first, then money will start being deducted from your card. Therefore, don't forget to create **AWS budget alarms** - they won't signal if you do everything correctly.

Keep in mind that there are rare cases where credits don't work, for example, when purchasing domains in Route53 registrar. Just in case, check the list of services.

**Please note**: This promotional offer may not be available to all newly created accounts. AWS reserves the right to selectively distribute such offers.

**Limitations on Credit Usage**:

- Credits are not applicable to all AWS services.
- Regional restrictions apply.
- Credits may not be used for domain name registration, backup services, and certain other specified services.

